>> This week on Gaia.
On a new "Deep Space" season 4.
>> RICHARD DOTY: I know about
this because I was actually
briefed.
Is it possible that the
evens had been visiting Earth
prior to that?
Sure, absolutely.
I'm only telling
you what I know.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> MICHAEL LICHENS: The
miracles, they can work again.
They're not bound by
physics like we are.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>JOHN RAMIREZ:
Perhaps these beings
are the ones who are
somewhat authorized,
I would say, by the
Galactic Federation
to make more direct contact.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>>JERRY KANTOR:
Unfortunately, homeopathy
has been subject to a great
deal of mischaracterization
and disinformation.
>> On the "Awakening
Conference."
>> This is all about UFOs
and aliens and ancient
civilizations.
But how does the whole
thing fit together?
>> On "The Other Side."
>> In the world of
shamanic healing,
we use a large amount
of symbolism throughout
our practices.
You can put a lot
more information
into a small amount
of symbolism,
so this makes our practices
much, much richer.
>> Only on Gaia.